# Blockchain-Electronic-Voting-Software

Publish paper "Blockchain-based Electronic Voting System for Modern Democracy: A Review"
In 12th IEEE Integrated STEM Education Conference
Link to read paper: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/359497200_Blockchain-based_Electronic_Voting_System_for_Modern_Democracy_A_Review

Abstract: Electoral integrity is not only imperative for countries that are ruled by democracy, but it is also influential in enhancing public voters’ confidence and accountability. Also, security, integrity and, trust are three essential pillars of fair and modern democracy. The use of blockchain technology leverages the expected level of protection. Also, it provides cheaper, faster, and immutable service to the liquid democracy where voters can review their casted votes at any instant. Thus, there is a need to use blockchain-based electronic voting systems. E-voting systems can be defended easily and efficiently using the blockchain principles of universal ownership, transaction format, and storage in a chain. Another wall between freedom and the fall of democracy is that to change results; one would need approval from everyone who voted and to go back through each block in the chain to get to a specific transaction. Using Smart Contracts erase the middleman of current systems and are digital documentation of the transaction and proof for certification of votes. Also, this system fulfills the essential requirements of e-voting systems which includes: no coerce to voters, no traceability of voters’ identity, the assurance and proof of vote, no one could change the casted votes, the counting of votes and election result must be decentralized, security and integrity of ballot to cast individual votes. There are many proposed frameworks are available in the literature. Therefore, this paper reviewed those existing frameworks and found the essential requirements and possible solutions to implement in the e-voting system.
